Decisions:

    NOTE: For hosting, use HostGator. You are capable of doing this. You can create anything that you want -- this is your life.

1. Editor
	Choices: VSCode, WebStorm, Atom, Brackets
	Decision: VSCode
	Justification: Built in terminal and lots of JS support. Lighter than a large scale IDE.

2. .EditorConfig
	Notes: create a file titled .EditorConfig and place it in the root of your project.
        This ensures that all users have same editor settings (tabs/spaces, etc.)

3. Package Manager
	Notes: to run multiple versions of node, use NVM
	Choices: Bower, NPM, JSPM (JavaScript Package Manager), Jam, Volo
	Decision: NPM
	Justification: Bower is irrelevant and Node has grown a ton in popularity

4. Development Webserver
	Choices: Http-server, Express (highly configurable and comprehensive -- serves APIs), Live-server (has live reloading), Budo (browserify),
        Webpack, Browsersync (Dedicated IP, cross-device testing)
	Decisions: Express
	Justification: This will set it up so that we can test APIs that are written in Node and as a benefit we can use
        Express for production as well.

5. Sharing Work-In-Progress
    Choices: Localtunnel (easily share work creating a hole in your firewall for your port),
        Ngrok (similar to localtunnel, needs extra setup, extra security),
        Surge (only suppots static files and moves them to a public webserver),
        Now (deploys the application [Node.js] to the cloud instead of making your machine a webserver)
    Decisions: Ngrok
    Justification: Even though there is some additional setup, it is still fairly simple and provides added security.

6. Automation Tooling
    Choices: Grunt (the original, configuration over code, writes files to disk between steps, large ecosystem),
        Gulp (doesn't write to disk -- pipes output from one step to the next step, uses Gulp file that is code over configuration, large plugin ecosystem),
        NPM Scripts (declared in package.json, leverage OS command line, can directly use npm packages, can call separate Node scripts,
            offer pre/post hooks, leverage largest package manager)
    Decisions: NPM Scripts
    Justification: This choice simplifies things a bit, getting rid of one abstraction layer (separate Gulp/Grunt plugins), instead allowing us to use
        NPM packages directly. There is no dependency on separate plugins and gives one less point of failure with better documentation. NPM scripts are
        also easy to learn.

7. Transpiler
    Choices: TypeScript or Babel
    Decision: Babel
    Justification: This is just because new features may take time to support TypeScript. Babel leverages the full JS ecosystem and allows you to use
        experimental features earlier. There are no type definitions and/or annotations required. Transpile build scripts as well if you want standardized
        coding features across your build scripts and code.

8. Module Format
    Choices: ES6 Modules, IIFE, AMD, CommonJS
    Decision: ES6 Modules
    Justification: Improved autocompletion, tree shaking (eliminating unused code), intelligent refactoring, easier to read than the other options,
        and you can have named imports/default exports.

9. Bundler
    Notes: These take all JS files and package them (intelligently) for an app or browser.
    Choices: Require.JS (older), Broswerify (first to reach mass adoption), Webpack (bundles much more than just JS -- can import css, images, etc.),
        Rollup (Tree shaking (eliminates code not used), faster loading production code, new, good for library authors),
        JSPM (uses SystemJS -- a universal module loader)
    Justification: Comprehensive and supports bundle splitting so that users don't have to download all of JS -- just what they need

Sourcemaps:
    Notes: Sourcemaps map the transpiled code back to the original code, allowing you to debug it properly. They are only downloaded when the developer
        tools are opened so users of the site/app will not download them each time they load the page but we will have them when we need them for debugging
        purposes.
